Fix some doc typos/formatting (#1077)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/docs/how-to/approve-submissions.mdx

We highly recommend checking all sequences with warnings to see if they could be rectified or indicate a larger problem with the data.

> You can only approve and release sequences that have yellow or green checkmarks (no warnings or errors, or only warnings) - you cannot approve and release sequences with errors.

Author: ```suggestion
You can only approve and release sequences that have yellow (warnings) or green checkmarks (neither warnings nor errors) - you cannot approve and release sequences with errors.
```
